>> Scott Moss: Alright, so here is
what you are going to be tasked to do.
>> Scott Moss: I think,
I said the other one was hard,
I think this one is harder [LAUGH].
All right, so what we're going to do is,
on the project resolver,
inside of project.resolvers,
there's a tasks resolver.
No, this is the extra credit one.
Don't do that one, sorry.
All right, what you're gonna do is,
on the task resolver.
>> Scott Moss: You're gonna come down to
this place where is says, taskResolvers.
Basically, this is an object that I
use to put field resolvers on for
both DEV task and design task.
Instead of writing them
both in two places,
I'll just put them in an object and
spread over them, we'll keep it dry.
So, you need to replace this call to
the data base with a loader instead.
So use a loader instead here,
because if you look at our query that
we had before, which was like this.
This project call is killing us because it
was probably already resolved up here, so
now we're doing it again.
We could just be loading it
from cache at this point.
So basically, if we use the loader in
this resolver, and then we use the same
loader in this resolver,
it's gonna hit straight from cache.
So it'll batch these, and
then it'll get these from cache.
Where as right now, it's getting from
database, getting from database.
>> Scott Moss: Right, and then, you
gotta also remember each one of these is
probably doing a database call whereas
the loader does one database call.
So, it's not only is it batched,
it's like more efficient too.
And then this is from cache.
So that's what you want to,
you want to use the loader here instead.
And then, the other one you want
to do is on the, where is it at?
No, that's just the example.
Yeah, that's the only one you need to do.
And if you want to tackle the extra
credit one, no, I'm sorry, there is one.
Okay, let me take that back.
Yeah, so you need to do
the project on the task resolvers.
And you scroll down,
there's a DevTask one.
This one's gonna be tough,
>> Scott Moss: But I think you can do it.
What you need to do here is this
repo filled on a DevTask is
actually making a call to GitHub.
And what it's doing is,
it's basically just gonna look at the,
if you give it an org, it'll look for
a repo by that name that you give it.
To see if it exists and it will populate
it and send back all these fields.
Github has like rate limiting issues,
you don't want to be hitting
github all the time.
It's the same data if you just ask for
it so,
you probably want to use data loader for
this too.
Data loader is not just for
database, cache.
It's also for caching and batching
access to third-party API's, as well.
So this one's more advanced, but
I definitely recommend
swapping out reposForOrg.
And basically, these two lines can be
swapped out with a loader, instead.
And if you go to loaders.js, there's
a placeholder for you to create that,
create GitHub loader.
This one's tough,
you'll have to look at GitHub.js to
understand how this reposForOrg work.
I mean, it's pretty simple,
it's literally just reading my tipeio, and
sending back all the publicrepos for it.
So if you give it a repo with a name
that exists in my org, that's public,
it should find it.
But we wanna batch those.
So those are your two tasks.
Right, the loader for
the task resolver which is I'm sorry,
for the project owner task
resolver which is here.
>> Scott Moss: And
then the other one is doing the repo one.
>> Scott Moss: And again,
you can look inside the loader.
>> Scott Moss: You can see how
all this stuff is working.
>> Scott Moss: And if you just wanna get
more practice on just writing a loader,
even though, although I'm not really using
this one, you can write a loader here.
So you're gonna warm up to
the createGitHubLoader.
Write the task loader here, which is
very similar to the project loader.
In fact, it's literally the same thing.
You can just replace projects with
tasks and it'll work everywhere.
I didn't warm up to this one.
But you don't really have
to do this one right now.
This is just here for some more examples.
Everybody clear on what they need to do?
>> Scott Moss: All right,
any questions over here?
>> Scott Moss: Can you run
the playground for task?
>> Scott Moss: Let's see,
run the playground for task.
>> Scott Moss: I've got to give it an ID,
Let's do Task with the project.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
Can we use the info to
create the db concurrently?
>> Scott Moss: I guess that
really depends on your database.
What that means concurrently?
But if you mean running
simultaneous resolvers at one time,
you can do that by just
batching your graphic queries.
And then those with [INAUDIBLE] but
if you're talking about
running concurrent database queries,
that is up to your database.
You have the info object is the AST
that provides you the information to do
whatever you want.
So if your database can run concurrently,
for sure.
So if you're thinking about doing
like a promise dot, a promise.all.
And doing database queries in that,
then yes, you can totally do that.
I do it all the time.